[v5.0] consistent naming of keys (#1007)
StackVista/stackstate-docs: stackpacks/integrations/azure.md

```text
./stackstate.monitor.sh \
    <Azure tenantId> \
    <STACKSTATE_BASE_URL> \
    <STACKSTATE_RECEIVER_API_KEY> \

>     <AZURE_subscriptionId> \

Reviewer: Should we have all keys uppercase? (to be consistent)

Author: see below `<AZURE_resourceGroupName>`

    <AZURE_clientId> \
    <AZURE_clientSecret> \
    <AZURE_resourceGroupName>
```

> You can also specify two additional (positional) arguments after the `<AZURE_resourceGroupName>`: 

Reviewer: Should we have all keys uppercase? (to be consistent)
```suggestion
You can also specify two additional (positional) arguments after the `<AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP_NAME>`: 
```

Author: I'm going to leave all of the Azure references in the format `<AZURE_keyName>` they come up too often throughout the azure page and this is the most consistent approach

az login
./stackstate.monitor.ps1 `
-tenantId <your tenantId> `
-stsApiUrl <STACKSTATE_BASE_URL> `
-stsApiKey <STACKSTATE_RECEIVER_API_KEY> `
-subscriptionId <AZURE_subscriptionId> `
-servicePrincipalId <AZURE_ClientId> `
-servicePrincipalSecret <AZURE_ClientSecret> `

> -resourceGroupName <RESOURCE_GroupName_TO_DEPLOY_TO>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-resourceGroupName <AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP_NAME>
```
